how-to-find-on-lds-dot-org.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: How to find the Essays on LDS.org
permalink: /how-to-find-on-lds-dot-org/
---

Some visitors to Mormon Essays have expressed interest in only using [LDS.org](https://www.lds.org) to access the essays instead of clicking the links found here.  The following instructions can be used to find each essay using the LDS.org search or by clicking through the [Gospel Topics](https://www.lds.org/topics) section of LDS.org. The full link to the essay is also provided if you would like to copy/paste it and then navigate to the essay.

To navigate to the essay using the Gospel Topics home page, click on the Browse Alphabetically dropdown and select
the desired letter.

####First Vision Accounts
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/first-vision-accounts
* Gospel Topics: Select the letter "F" from the Gospel Topics home page and it is listed there.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Plural Marriage in Kirtland and Nauvoo
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/plural-marriage-in-kirtland-and-nauvoo?lang=eng
* Gospel Topics: This one is not listed under the letter "P" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Book of Mormon Translation
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/book-of-mormon-translation
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "B" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Book of Mormon and DNA Studies
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/book-of-mormon-and-dna-studies
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "B" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Race and the Priesthood
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/race-and-the-priesthood
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "R" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Translation and Historicity of the Book of Abraham
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/translation-and-historicity-of-the-book-of-abraham
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "T" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Plural Marriage and Families in Early Utah
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/plural-marriage-and-families-in-early-utah
* Gospel Topics: This one is not listed under the letter "P" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Are Mormons Christian?
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/christians
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "A" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Becoming Like God
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/becoming-like-god
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "B" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Peace and Violence among 19th-Century Latter-day Saints
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/peace-and-violence-among-19th-century-latter-day-saints
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "P" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####The Manifesto and the End of Plural Marriage
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/the-manifesto-and-the-end-of-plural-marriage?lang=eng
* Gospel Topics: Not listed under the letter "M" or "T" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

Commit message:

Added the two new essays.

how-to-find-on-lds-dot-org.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: How to find the Essays on LDS.org
permalink: /how-to-find-on-lds-dot-org/
---

Some visitors to Mormon Essays have expressed interest in only using [LDS.org](https://www.lds.org) to access the essays instead of clicking the links found here.  The following instructions can be used to find each essay using the LDS.org search or by clicking through the [Gospel Topics](https://www.lds.org/topics) section of LDS.org. The full link to the essay is also provided if you would like to copy/paste it and then navigate to the essay.

The complete list of essays can also be found on the [Mormon Newsroom site](http://www.mormonnewsroom.org/article/new-church-essays-women-priesthood-mother-in-heaven) and the [Gosepl Topics Essays](https://www.lds.org/topics/essays?lang=eng) home page. Also note that the 
Gospel Topics Essays home page does not link directly to the two essays on Plural Marriage, it links to an [essay that briefly discusses Plural Marriage](https://www.lds.org/topics/plural-marriage-in-the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints?lang=eng) before linking to the two Polygamy specific essays.

To navigate to the essay using the Gospel Topics home page, click on the Browse Alphabetically dropdown and select
the desired letter.

####First Vision Accounts
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/first-vision-accounts
* Gospel Topics: Select the letter "F" from the Gospel Topics home page and it is listed there.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Plural Marriage in Kirtland and Nauvoo
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/plural-marriage-in-kirtland-and-nauvoo?lang=eng
* Gospel Topics: This one is not listed under the letter "P" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Book of Mormon Translation
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/book-of-mormon-translation
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "B" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Book of Mormon and DNA Studies
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/book-of-mormon-and-dna-studies
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "B" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Race and the Priesthood
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/race-and-the-priesthood
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "R" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Translation and Historicity of the Book of Abraham
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/translation-and-historicity-of-the-book-of-abraham
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "T" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Plural Marriage and Families in Early Utah
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/plural-marriage-and-families-in-early-utah
* Gospel Topics: This one is not listed under the letter "P" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Are Mormons Christian?
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/christians
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "A" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Becoming Like God
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/becoming-like-god
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "B" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####Peace and Violence among 19th-Century Latter-day Saints
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/peace-and-violence-among-19th-century-latter-day-saints
* Gospel Topics: Listed under the letter "P" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.

<hr/>

####The Manifesto and the End of Plural Marriage
* Link: https://www.lds.org/topics/the-manifesto-and-the-end-of-plural-marriage?lang=eng
* Gospel Topics: Not listed under the letter "M" or "T" in the Gospel Topics section.
* LDS.org Search: Search for the essay by the title.
